{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f30\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f31\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f33\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f34\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f35\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f36\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f37\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\b\i\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\author mdm}{\operator mdm}{\creatim\yr2007\mo4\dy8\hr11\min35}{\revtim\yr2007\mo4\dy8\hr13\min16}{\version3}
{\edmins23}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords319}{\nofchars1819}{\*\company mdm}{\nofcharsws0}{\vern8269}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0
\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\qc \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\fs28 Moogie\rquote s Skin Changer Plug-in for Buddi
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b 
\par }{\b\i Introduction
\par }{\b\fs28 
\par }{This plug-in allows the user to load different skins to give Buddi a much more esthetically pleasing GUI.
\par 
\par The motivation for this developing this plug-in is that in Winows 2000 or XP with the classic theme, Buddi\rquote s GUI is extremely dull and hard to look at for long periods of time.  
\par }{\b\i 
\par Installation
\par }{
\par Unzip the files into the same directory where Buddi has been installed. You should now have the following files in that directory:
\par 
\par help.rtf \endash  This help file.
\par MoogiesBuddiSkinChangerPlugin.jar \endash  the plug in jar file.
\par ui.settings \endash  the skin settings file.
\par skins \endash  the directory containing the currently installed skins.
\par 
\par Now simply load up Buddi and go to preferences under the Edit menu and select the Plugins tab.
\par 
\par Select Add and then and navigate to and chooseMoogiesBuddiSkinChangerPlugin.jar in the file dialog box which is displayed.
\par 
\par Click OK and then Yes to restart Buddi.
\par 
\par The Plug in is now installed and will load automatically each time Buddi is started.
\par 
\par }{\b\i Uninstallation}{
\par 
\par Either delete MoogiesBuddiSkinChangerPlugin.jar or navigate to preferences under the Edit menu and select the Plugins tab. Select the plugin with (MoogiesBuddiSkinChangerPlugin.jar) in the list and then click remove.
\par 
\par }{\b\i Changing Skin}{
\par 
\par To change a skin you will firstly need to select the new skin. To do so click on the button next to the \'93Select GUI Skin\'94 label on the \'93Options\'94 box which automatically appears when Buddi is stated.
\par 
\par A selection dialog is then shown. Select the skin you want and then press \'93Select\'94.
\par 
\par If you have changed your mind and you want another skin you can re-select your desired Skin.
\par 
\par Once you are happy press the \'93Change\'94 button. All windows are closed and Buddi is restarted with the new Skin in place.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\i\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {Misc Notes
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\par This plugin was programmed in less than a day using code from a previous pet project of mine.
\par 
\par There is no Warranty and you use the plug-in at your own risk!
\par 
\par Programmed by Nicholas Klaebe who currently lives in Australia.
\par }}