{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf350
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{diamond\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u9670 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13300\viewh13540\viewkind1
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\qj\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 ----------------------------------------\

\b Buddi
\b0  - Personal budget software for the rest of us\
Copyright (C) 2006, 2007 Wyatt Olson\
\
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.\
\
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.\
\
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA  02110-1301, USA.\
----------------------------------------\
\

\b \ul Introduction
\b0 \ulnone \
I created Buddi because I wanted a simple to use budgeting software which does not require a degree in accounting to use.  All software which I previously tried to use seemed either too complex or did not have the features which I wanted.\
\
Buddi is my attempt to remedy this problem.  It is written in Java (Java 1.5 required), so it can run on most operating systems.  I have tried to keep it as simple as possible, focusing on the user's budget, and helping the user keep that budget through the use of reports.\
\
Buddi is Open Source software, and is released under the GNU General Public License (GNU GPL).  For full text of this license, please see the Licenses document.  Basically, this means that you are free to use it, share it, change it, and do just about anything you want with it as long as you keep this notice and keep the derivative works licensed under the GPL as well.\
\
If you like this software, please consider donating via the link on the main Buddi home page ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://buddi.digitalcave.ca"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://buddi.digitalcave.ca}}).  I develop, support, and maintain Buddi in my spare time, and greatly appreciate all support that I recieve.  Donations have helped me buy new hardware for testing, as well as helping me and my family financially, allowing me to spend more time working on Buddi.\
\
\

\b \ul Installation Instructions\

\b0 \ulnone Buddi is packaged for many different operating systems; each one has its own preferred method of installing applications.  These are listed below.\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\qj\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9670 	}Macintosh OS X\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1440\fi-1440\qj\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Open Buddi-<version>.dmg by double clicking it.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Drag the Buddi application file into /Applications (or where ever you wish to keep your applications).\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\qj\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9670 	}Windows\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1440\fi-1440\qj\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Double click the installer program Buddi-<version>.exe.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Follow the installer's instructions to install Buddi to your hard drive.\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\qj\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9670 	}Debian or Ubuntu Linux\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1440\fi-1440\qj\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Double click on the Buddi.deb file.  When prompted, install the package.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Alternatively, you can install from the command line with the command 'sudo dpkg -i Buddi-X.deb' (where X is the version of the file)\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\qj\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9670 	}Redhat Linux\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1440\fi-1440\qj\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Redhat RPM format coming soon!  For now, use the Generic Linux package (described next)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\qj\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \
{\listtext	\uc0\u9670 	}Generic Linux / Unix\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1440\fi-1440\qj\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Extract the .tgz file.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Modify the launch script (buddi) to reflect the location in which you plan to install the binaries.  The suggested location is /usr/bin.  If you choose a different location, you need to ensure that the folder is located in your path.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Copy 'buddi' and 'Buddi.jar' to the location you decided in the previous step.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\qj\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
For more information on how to use Buddi to help with your finances, please see the online help documentation, at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://buddi.digitalcave.ca"}}{\fldrslt http://buddi.digitalcave.ca}}.  This website includes documentation, development and translation resources, pages to track and report bugs and new features requests, and much more.\
\
Cheers!\
\
Wyatt Olson\
<wyatt.olson+buddi@gmail.com>}